Web interface allowing users to change passwords for a Squid and Samba servers
at once

Copyright 2012 Liria Tecnologia
License: GPL

ABOUT
-----

This is a CGI application which enables to change Squid and Samba passwords at
once through a web interface. It only works with an htpasswd password file for
Squid passwords and an smbpasswd file for Samba passwords (does not work with
TDBSAM, LDAP or other authentication schemes).

INSTALL
-------

In order to install the application, you should set up Apache or any other web 
server to serve CGI scripts and copy the file "change_password.cgi" to the 
"cgi-bin" directory.

This application is written in Python, so that it needs an installation of 
Python 2.7 or newer (not 3.0 yet :-) on the server. Also, it needs a Python
Library called "passlib" (http://packages.python.org/passlib/) which is not
part of the Python Standart Library. To install it, you can use pip:

  # pip install passlib

CONFIG
------

The config must be set up in "change_password.cgi" file. In the beginning of
the file, there is a config area, where you should set the paths to Squid and
Samba password files. Besides that, you can change the HTML design and the
messages to be presented to the users.

In order to work, the web server user must have write permission over the
Squid and Samba files indicated on the config area. On Debian with Apache
server, this can be set up with 

  # chgrp www-data path-to-the-file

Before using the web interface, the users must already be added to the Samba
password file and optionally to the Squid password file (if they don't exist
on the Squid password file, they are added automatically after the first
password change).

USE
---

After installation and configuration, users may access the web interface through
the cgi file. On Debian with the default configuration, the address would look
like:

  http://server-address/cgi-bin/change_password.cgi

